README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  Bootcamp Python
</h1>

This project is a Python programming and Machine Learning bootcamp created by [42 AI](http://www.42ai.fr).

## Download

The pdf files of each module can be downloaded from our realease page:
[https://github.com/42-AI/bootcamp_python/releases](https://github.com/42-AI/bootcamp_python/releases)

## Curriculum

### Module00 - Basics 1 - Eleven Commandments
**Let's get started with the Python language!** :snake:
> Basic setup, variables, types, functions, ...
### Module01 - Basics 2
**Get acquainted with object-oriented programming and much more.**
> Objects, cast, inheritance, built-in functions, generator, construtors, iterator, ...
### Module02 - Basics 3
**Continue practicing with more advanced Python programming exercises.**
> Decorators, multiprocessing, lambda, build package, ...
### Module03 - Numpy
**Learn how to use the Numpy library, manipulate multidimensional arrays and perform complex mathematical operations on matrices!**
> Numpy array, slicing, stacking, dimensions, broadcasting, normalization, etc...
### Module04 - Pandas
**Time to use a Python library that will allow you to manipulate dataframes.**
> Pandas! And Bamboos! :panda_face:

Commit message:

Pytest done for M0-E01. Update README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  Bootcamp Python
</h1>

This project is a Python programming and Machine Learning bootcamp created by [42 AI](http://www.42ai.fr).

You can find the [full project here](https://github.com/42-AI/bootcamp_python)
And the [corrections here](https://github.com/42-AI/Python-Bootcamp-Corrections)
The pdf files of each module can be downloaded from the [release page](https://github.com/42-AI/bootcamp_python/releases)

## Usage
All testing done with Pytest.
## Curriculum

### Module00 - Basics 1 - Eleven Commandments
**Let's get started with the Python language!** :snake:
> Basic setup, variables, types, functions, ...
### Module01 - Basics 2
**Get acquainted with object-oriented programming and much more.**
> Objects, cast, inheritance, built-in functions, generator, construtors, iterator, ...
### Module02 - Basics 3
**Continue practicing with more advanced Python programming exercises.**
> Decorators, multiprocessing, lambda, build package, ...
### Module03 - Numpy
**Learn how to use the Numpy library, manipulate multidimensional arrays and perform complex mathematical operations on matrices!**
> Numpy array, slicing, stacking, dimensions, broadcasting, normalization, etc...
### Module04 - Pandas
**Time to use a Python library that will allow you to manipulate dataframes.**
> Pandas! And Bamboos! :panda_face:
